clarify dependencies.yml per feedback (#5260)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/snippets/_packages_or_dependencies.md

- Use `dependencies.yml` when you need to set up cross-project references between different dbt projects, especially in a dbt Mesh setup.
- Use `dependencies.yml` when you want to include both projects and non-private dbt packages in your project's dependencies.
  - Private packages are not supported in `dependencies.yml` because they intentionally don't support Jinja rendering or conditional configuration. This is to maintain static and predictable configuration and ensures compatibility with other services, like dbt Cloud.
- Use `dependencies.yml` for organization and maintainability if you're using both [cross-project refs](docs/collaborate/govern/project-dependencies#how-to-write-cross-project-ref) and [dbt Hub packages](https://hub.getdbt.com/). This reduces the need for multiple YAML files to manage dependencies.

</TabItem>

<TabItem value="packages" label="When to use Package dependencies">

Package dependencies allow you to add source code from someone else's dbt project into your own, like a library:

> - If you're only using packages like those from the [dbt Hub](https://hub.getdbt.com/), remain with `packages.yml`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you only use packages like those from the [dbt Hub](https://hub.getdbt.com/), remain with `packages.yml`.
```
